well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
uniforms and causes
after that last video i had some people
kind of push back three people sent me a
message
basically the the summation is that
they feel it it might be necessary
and i get that i get that on
a sentimental level on an emotional
level it
seems at first glance that that would be
the easiest route
it's not not not really but it seems
that way
i don't think these people are coming
from a bad place i think they're coming
from a good place
um but i think they may not be
thinking it all the way through and to
get them to think a little bit wider
i asked them a question that i had to
clarify that i was being serious
because they all knew i knew the answer
and they all gave me the right answer
but that question was if it goes to that
next level
what are the uniforms going to be
the three answers the uniform of the man
on the street
if you don't blend in your bait
no uniforms that's stupid
yeah that's right that's right
being able to blend in in a situation
like that
drastically increases your survivability
if you can't easily be picked out as a
target
it makes you a whole lot safer um
it allows you some freedom of movement
allows you to get stuff done
no uniforms
then i asked him what the uh the goal
was
and i got varying answers
but they all acknowledged where this
started
and that's going to become important
here in a minute
and when you look at the goals now
because this movement has widened
drastically just random off of twitter
where i ask this question openly
social justice now fight until it's
right
no authority without accountability make
1984 fiction again
the poor and middle class want to see it
at the table
treat us with respect
you know give power back to the people
equally
there's a whole bunch of very broad
ideas here
and yeah because the movement has
broadened it's embraced more people who
are suffering inequality
however where did this start
how did it begin
hoping to help and protect and
elevate people of color
that's how this started
if this was to go to the next level
and it it
it hits that point
that's what people would rally behind a
lot of people would revert back to that
yes it's going to encompass these other
goals
but that's going to be a main component
of it
i i would hope you know
the opposition though
it's not going to be their rallying cry
that's
going to be what they're motivated
against
that group of people becomes the
the symbolic opposition for them
that group of people can't take their
uniform off
not the uniform that the opposition
would be looking for
their their it's permanent
and the people who would be opposed to
equality for all
treating everybody equally they're going
to be looking for them
those communities have leaders all three
of the people who sent me a message
they all looked like me
back those communities up
back their plays they may be considering
things
that we're not like this they can't
blend in
so they're bait
six years
that's that's a that's a rough sentence
it's a rough period of time to be the
lightning rod for the movement
i don't think we're at a point where we
need to do this
i i would openly advocate against it we
need to be aware that it's a possibility
but we need to take the steps not to do
it
i get without without a firm grasp on
what happens during one of these
yeah it seems like it would be easier
it's not
but even let's say that it is
if even a minor piece of the movement
is still the idea that black lives
matter
we just have to do it the harder way
because if the if this goes open and
this escalates into something like that
they don't and we're saying that very
clearly
their fodder they're the lightning rod
we know what's going to happen
historically speaking marginalized
groups that are easily identifiable
by their skin tone or their practices
like their cultural practices their way
of dress stuff like they don't fare well
because they're easy to pick out they
can't blend in
they can't adopt the uniform of the man
on the street
that next level is horrible
it's not good it's nothing to advocate
for
ever it's something that you have to be
pushed into
and it's something that you should try
to avoid
being pushed into
i understand that there's a whole lot of
people who think that's the whole goal
right now the administration is to start
this
then why play along you think you're
gonna win
maybe maybe not
it's not a movie the good guys don't
always win
and i have to say that if we're going to
just abandon
a pretty large demographic of people to
support our other political ends
we aren't the good guys we're not very
much different
than uh those who we're saying
we oppose if it has to go to that level
they have to make that decision because
it's going to fall on them
a whole lot harder than it's going to
fall on anybody else
and i do not think that we're at that
point yet
the the end of something
can often be determined by the beginning
yeah it may be harder to do it the
peaceful route
so it's harder it's harder
it's going to have a better outcome
you don't give up but you don't give in
either
and i would suggest going that route
is giving in it's duplicating all of the
errors from before
it can be done it's just
harder anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day